Mem leak checker (#5733)
Samsung/TizenRT: apps/system/mem_leak_checker/README.md

# How to use Memory Leakage Checker

The Memory Leakage Checker shows leakage information of dynamic allocated memory at that time.  
It checks whole RAM regions with allocated memory address. If no region has that address,  
it is a leakage because it can not be released.  
This document describes how to enable and use the Leak Checker.

## How to enable

1. Enable *CONFIG_DEBUG_MM_HEAPINFO* using menuconfig as shown below:
```
Debug Options -> Enable Debug Output Features -> [*] Heap Info debug option
```
2. Enable *CONFIG_MEM_LEAK_CHECKER* and set *CONFIG_MEM_LEAK_CHECKER_HASH_TABLE_SIZE* value using menuconfig as shown below:
```
Application Configuration -> System Libraries and Add-Ons -> [*] Memory Leakage Checker
```

#### HASH_TABLE_SIZE

The Memory Leak Checker uses hash table to improve searching performance.  

> CONFIG_MEM_LEAK_CHECKER_HASH_TABLE_SIZE represents a number of hash table index.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CONFIG_MEM_LEAK_CHECKER_HASH_TABLE_SIZE represents the number of hash table indexes.  
```

It has a good performance with big size but spends more memory.

Note: We recommand using a prime number. Default value of that configuration is 1007.

## How to use

This can be run on TASH.
```bash
TASH>> mem_leak [target]
       [target] is used only when APP_BINARY_SEPARATION is enabled.

>        [target] is one of kernel, wifi or micom.

Reviewer 2: could you check this sentence? kernel, wifi or micom? or kernel, app1 or app2?

Author: It should be app1, app2. I will change it.

Type   |    Addr   |   Size   | Owner
--------------------------------------------
LEAK   | 0x202e540 |     1248 | 0x40d311c
LEAK   | 0x2030ec0 |     2352 | 0x40d3124
LEAK   | 0x2031800 |     3456 | 0x40d312c
LEAK   | 0x2032590 |     4576 | 0x40d3134
```

Here are description of result.

#### Type

> There are two types, *LEAK* and *BROKEN*.  

Reviewer 2: How about using `CORRUPTED` instead of `BROKEN`? It's better to easy understand I think.

*LEAK* means that *Addr* is a memory leakage and it was allocated by *Owner* with *Size*.  

> *BROKEN* means that some memory node has a wrong value in a chunk. It means memory is corrupted and is abnormal state.

Reviewer 3: Consider replacing the word _"some" memory node_ with a more definitive term if the checker helps identify which node/memory point was found broken/corrupted.

#### Addr and Owner

*Addr* is an address allocated.  

> *Owner* is an address of function which requests allocation.

Reviewer 3: I feel, describing "Owner" as "an address of function" causes confusion with the description of "Addr"
Could you rephrase this as "Owner is the function which requests/requested allocation of Addr"? (Or something similar)

# How to use Memory Leakage Checker

The Memory Leakage Checker shows leakage information of dynamic allocated memory at that time.  

> It checks whole RAM regions with allocated memory address. If no region has that address,  

Reviewer 3: Please change "with" -> "for"
"checks entire RAM regions for an allocated memory address"

it is a leakage because it can not be released.  
This document describes how to enable and use the Leak Checker.

## How to enable

1. Enable *CONFIG_DEBUG_MM_HEAPINFO* using menuconfig as shown below:
```
Debug Options -> Enable Debug Output Features -> [*] Heap Info debug option
```
2. Enable *CONFIG_MEM_LEAK_CHECKER* and set *CONFIG_MEM_LEAK_CHECKER_HASH_TABLE_SIZE* value using menuconfig as shown below:
```
Application Configuration -> System Libraries and Add-Ons -> [*] Memory Leakage Checker
```

> **Mem Leak Checker requires *arch/arm/include/<chip>/memory_region.h* to work. The selected board must have the memory_region.h file in it's folder for the successfull build.**

Reviewer 2: typo
successfull -> successful

Reviewer 2: and maybe
it's -> its
